Miss Rose what an honor
Phil would be delighted to see you
ah I'm looking for Abby
ah of course
Miss Taylor she's fine
she's with Phil's party is she okay
I heard there was some kind of emergency
oh mercy no
no Miss Rose
everything is fine she's over there
no way am I blacked out already
is that really Blair Rose in my club
did you see that what happened
I thought you needed help
I do Phil just brought a new girl to the club
and it's freaking Katie Marshall
that's like basically a national emergency itself
did you bring me to the nightclub for boy trouble
I just don't feel like two months ago
for like the fifth time like he's already seen someone
and that someone is Jack Marshall's underage sister
she turns 21 in like two months
and I said underage
Blair
what a surprise